---
layout: post
title:  "I <3 my IDE"
date:   2017-05-09 19:04:48 +0000
---


Yes, that's right: it's time everyone knows. I am in love with my IDE. 

The importance of using one to code cannot be over-emphasized. When first starting out, I think it's important for new coders to learn without an IDE guiding them -- this way, they can get a feel for writing out full code, for troubleshooting without the help of flags, for memorizing important keywords and grammar. In my beginner front-end development class, we spent the first couple of weeks writing without any assistance. After the instructor was satisfied we were getting a hang of the foundations, he introduced us to Sublime text - and my programming world was forever changed.

Not only do IDEs help one to spot potential coding errors right away, they also are huge time savers. Here's an example:

I want to link my index.html file to a .css file. Without the help of Sublime, I would have to type out the following, character by character:
```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css">
```

Alternately, I could use Sublime, type the word 'link' and press Tab. The immediate result is the framework of the code I'll need to write:
```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="">
```

All that's left for me to do is to fill in the .css file information in the href field.  

This is just one tiny example. I could go provide a zillion more, but I think you get the point: IDEs are time-saving, incredibly helpful, and just all-around awesome. 

So don't be afraid - go ahead and explore the wonderful world of IDEs. You just might find one that is the perfect match for you!
