---
layout: post
title:  "Findingmyway"
date:   2017-03-26 20:14:40 +0000
---


My journey to this field was a bit circuitous. Ever since I was young, I've been fascinated by languages and math. I find learning a new language can be quite mathematical: memorizing sentence structure, grammar, rules and exceptions is almost like learning a formula. After I got my Master's, I began working for a translation company but jumped at the chance to work at a tech company when a recuiter approached me. I've been with the same company going on four years now. My role has become increasingly technical over the years, and little by little I was exposed to the world of web development. I wanted to know more. I started by buying books on HTML & CSS, then moved to taking mini Ruby courses online. The more I studied, the more intrigued I became. I got the final push I needed about a year ago. My colleague and I were discussing all the feature requests that our team had submitted for a new product, and I questioned why they seemed to be taking so long to come to fruition. He informed me that the company simply didn't have the manpower on the engineering team to work as fast as they would like. That was my 'ah ha!' moment. I thought to myself, "well, if there aren't enough software engineers, why don't I become one?" I bit the bullet and enrolled for a semester at NYU, taking classes in both front- and back-end development. I wanted to make sure that this was something I truly wanted to pursue before I invested the time and money on a full-fledged program. That semester was incredibly difficult but incredibly rewarding. And most importanly, I was hooked. I found learning code to be like learning another language, and that it had a strong mathematical aspect to it. In other words, it combined my two loves. I knew becoming a full-stack developer was the right choice. And here I am today!
